README.md, before:

# Just Games
- A Squid Game Recreation in Pygame
- Play on WEB: https://just-artur.itch.io/justgames
- Season 1 Games - (storymode: Ddakji), RedLight GreenLight, Dalgona, (storymode: Lights Out), Tug-of-War, Marbles, Glass Bridge, Squid Game
- Season 2 Games - RedLight GreenLight, Six Legged Pentathlon (Ddakji, Flying Stone, Gonggi, Spinning Top, Jegi), Mingle
- Season 3 Games - Keys and Knives (Hide n Seek), Jump Rope, Sky Squid Game
- For updates about the game Join the Discord Server (212 members): https://discord.gg/tkrzySghXj
- All Assets used are from the hit Netflix show Squid Game
- FAIR USE: *Copyright Disclaimer Under Section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for "fair use" for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing. Non-profit, educational or personal use tips the balance in favor of fair use. NO COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT INTENDED. All rights belong to their respective owners.
# Credits + Contributors
- Programming - Just-Artur0
- Art - Used Gimp + Photopea, Just-Artur0
- Images from Netflix, Compressed with https://tinyjpg.com/ and https://tinypng.com/
- Music - Netflix (Jung Jae-il)
# Controls
- LEFT KEY - left
- RIGHT KEY - right
- SPACE - action
- MOUSELEFTBUTTON - select

Commit message:

Update README with controls and packaging instructions
Added controls and running instructions for the game.

README.md, after:

# Just Games
- A Squid Game Recreation in Pygame
- Play on WEB: https://just-artur.itch.io/justgames
- Season 1 Games - (storymode: Ddakji), RedLight GreenLight, Dalgona, (storymode: Lights Out), Tug-of-War, Marbles, Glass Bridge, Squid Game
- Season 2 Games - RedLight GreenLight, Six Legged Pentathlon (Ddakji, Flying Stone, Gonggi, Spinning Top, Jegi), Mingle
- Season 3 Games - Keys and Knives (Hide n Seek), Jump Rope, Sky Squid Game
- For updates about the game Join the Discord Server (212 members): https://discord.gg/tkrzySghXj
- All Assets used are from the hit Netflix show Squid Game
- FAIR USE: *Copyright Disclaimer Under Section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for "fair use" for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing. Non-profit, educational or personal use tips the balance in favor of fair use. NO COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT INTENDED. All rights belong to their respective owners.
# Credits + Contributors
- Programming - Just-Artur0
- Art - Used Gimp + Photopea, Just-Artur0
- Images from Netflix, Compressed with https://tinyjpg.com/ and https://tinypng.com/
- Music - Netflix (Jung Jae-il)
# Controls
- LEFT KEY, a - left
- RIGHT KEY, d - right
- UP KEY, w - up
- DOWN KEY, s - down
- SPACE - action
- MOUSELEFTBUTTON - select
# Running
- Make sure you have pygame installed (pip install pygame)
- Open the main.py file
# Packaging with Pyinstaller
- Make sure you have pyinstaller installed (pip install pyinstaller)
- go to cmd and go to the folder with all the files and folders (cd path/to/folder)
- run the pyinstaller command (pyinstaller main.spec)
- after a while the game will be an .exe in dist/JustGames folder
- Make sure you copy the folders Fonts Images Music to the dist/JustGames Folder
